Oh welcome to Comedy Central I'm John
this is mike pleasure how do you want to
sit out on this conference call oh yeah
sure oh great just a warning he's a big
name in the industry but he's a bit of a
handful huh come on guys I worked a
mirror max okay Joker Mike here with me
is john and alice who just started
congratulations thanks river oh he's
cute I'll have to rip his lungs out
great sort of you got for us today so
glad you asked I was just thinking sorry
your TV show idea who's talking right
now Alex crew barred don't correct me ax
hey tempeh tempeh you take that turn
again now take my wonderful ideas takami
net do you want that no no we don't Alex
apologize she threatened to rip my lungs
out he throws to rip all our lungs out
Alex we need cell phone content get in
the game I'm sorry apology accepted I
must remind myself to tell your mother
what a good boy mother alright Joker so
what's the fish oh it's this idea that's
been rattling around my head I thought I
would go to charity auctions around
Gotham City and gas the rich and famous
today we're really not comfortable with
the killing it's for charity still all
right well what if there was a show
where I played practical jokes on Gotham
City's police force what someone mauled
by hyenas look like you've been suckered
that sounds a lot like pumped you've got
Alex again yes it is hello I'm on the
phone hang up Harley I think that guys
did I'll clean it up later when when I'm
finished when's that gonna be sorry
gentlemen you're saying I think that
we've got a great idea for you it's a
reality show where you share a house
with Batman I'm gonna go hear me out do
you have alex's home address an email
good alright Joker who will talk to you
soon what